Add 2.3 blog post (#10659)
prettier/prettier: website/blog/2021-04-08-2.3.0.md

// Prettier 2.3
SyntaxError: Unexpected token, expected ";" (1:19)

// Prettier 2.2
type T = abstract new () => void;

```

##### [Type imports in import require declaration](https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript/pull/41573)

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```ts
// Input
import type A = require("A");

// Prettier 2.3
SyntaxError: Only ECMAScript imports may use 'import type'.

// Prettier 2.2
import type A = require("A");

```

#### Fix misplaced comments in unions and intersections ([#10457](https://github.com/prettier/prettier/pull/10457) by [@thorn0](https://github.com/thorn0))

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```ts
// Input
type Foo = "1" | "2" /* two */ | "3";

// Prettier 2.2
type Foo = "1" | "2" | /* two */ "3";

// Prettier 2.3
type Foo = "1" | "2" /* two */ | "3";
```

#### Fix missing comments in `MethodDefinition` ([#9872](https://github.com/prettier/prettier/pull/9872) by [@fisker](https://github.com/fisker))

`typescript` parser only, `babel-ts` don't have this issue.

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```typescript
// Input
class Foo {
  bar() /* bat */;
}

// Prettier 2.2
Error: Comment "bat" was not printed. Please report this error!

// Prettier 2.3
class Foo {
  bar /* bat */();

> }

Reviewer: It can be improved, but #9872 only make sure that comment don't get lost.

#### Simplified `print` callback ([#10557](https://github.com/prettier/prettier/pull/10557) by [@fisker](https://github.com/fisker))

The third argument of the `print` method of plugin printers (the `print` callback) has been updated. Its first argument can be a string or an array of strings now.

To print the current node, call `print` without arguments:

```diff
 function print(path, options, print) {
   const parts = [];
   path.each((childPath) => {
-    parts.push(print(childPath));
+    parts.push(print());
   }, "children");
   return parts;
 }
```

To print a property of the current node, use `"property"` or `["property"]`:

```diff
 function print(path, options, print) {
-  return path.call(print, "property");
+  return print("property");
 }
```

To print a sub-property of the current node, use `["property1", "property2"]`:

```diff
 function print(path, options, print) {
   // print `node.child.child`
-  return path.call(print, "child", "child");
+  return print(["child", "child"]);
 }
```

#### Treat `.prettierrc` as `yaml` ([#8105](https://github.com/prettier/prettier/pull/8105) by [@fisker](https://github.com/fisker))

> `.prettierrc` file can written in both JSON and YAML, previously we infer the parser to be `json`, if it's write in YAML, there will be a `SyntaxError` thrown when formatting it, now it's treat as a YAML file, but if it's write in JSON, it won't format as a normal YAML file, it will be formatted as JSON.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`.prettierrc` file can written in both JSON and YAML. Previously a `SyntaxError` was thrown due to incorrectly treating the filetype as `json`, but now Prettier will now correctly detect the filetype whether JSON or YAML.
```
